Last night I got woken up my my boyfriends crazy snoring & teeth grinding. The snoring is really loud & annoying. Trying to wake him up to get him to move on his side can sometimes be a task. A task I sometimes get annoyed with. I had a bit of a moan & went to the other end of bed to go sleep. He turned over on his side & said come back to this end. When I did, I lay there for a few secs then turned round, gave him an awkward kiss on his ear (it was dark was aiming for his cheek) I said goodnight and then turned back to go to sleep. He then started complaining that he didn't like the way i said goodnight & gave him a kiss. I said at least i said goodnight & gave you a kiss. He flipped over grabbed me & held me in tight death grip ( I felt his arm digging into my throat ) & pushed his lips on to my cheek. I tried to wriggle away from him and he kicked or pushed me off the bed. I was so angry. I shouted at him. Told him it was out of order & I didn't like the death grip kiss. He said it weren't death grip. I said it was. I went over to him & said, it was like this. I put my arms round him from behind & gave him a tight squeeze & he flipped me over his shoulder. My nose got hit by something & started to bleed a little. I woke up this morning & my shoulder really achy. May sound minor. No broken bones no bruises. He said sorry. He always does. I told him not to message me next day while he was at work (he messages me every day in his lunch break he didnt yesterday but that's connected to the Ricky issue which will prob come up another time.) He said, If that's what you want. Sounds like he really cares don't it? Haven't heard from him today. His lunch has come & gone & no messages saying how sorry he is. He used to do that. Now it seems like it doesn't really phase him anymore & it doesn't seem like he's sorry. I feel like my feelings are not anywhere near important to him. I feel like that a lot. Try talking to him you say? Whenever I tell him how I feel he said he feels the same no matter what it is that I feel because of the way he treats me. He has to mirror that so then the fact I'm feeling that way becomes unimportant & he tries to make it about him. I don't really know why I started writing this. Maybe because I'm tired of being hurt by this man. Maybe because I'm tired of being blamed for every single argument we have. I'll continue to write about my incidents with this man. I should have started earlier. This has been going on for about 5 years.
